
-------------1st Deliverable------------------

your report should include the following:

1. (10%) The ER diagram. Please include a brief justification.
2. (8%) The relational database schema that corresponds to your ER diagram. Please include a brief justification.
3. (7%) The constraints that you have defined. The constraints that ensure the correctness
of the database to be created according to your relational database schema. These are primary
keys, referential integrity constraints, domain and attribute constraints. Please include a brief 
justification for each constraint.


Five of the most well-known hotel chains, with hotels in more than 14 different locations in North
America, have decided to collaborate and develop an application that will allow their customers to
easily book rooms in their hotels, seeing room availability in real time. You are requested to develop
the database and the app.

--------------Relations---------------
1. For every hotel chain we need to know the address of its central offices, the number of its hotels,
contact email addresses and phone numbers. 

2. The hotels of hotel chains are categorized (e.g. 1-star up to 5-star). For each hotel we need to 
know the number of rooms, the address of the hotel and contact email and phone numbers for this hotel. 

3.For the rooms in a hotel, we need to know their price, all amenities (e.g. TV, air condition, fridge etc), 
the capacity of the room (e.g. single, double etc), if they have sea view or mountain view, if they can 
be extended (e.g. adding one more bed) and if there are any problems/damages in the room. 

4. For customers we need to store their full name, address and a type of ID, e.g. SSN/SIN/driving licence, 
the date of their registration into our system. 

5. For employees of the hotels, we need to store their full name, address and SSN/SIN. The employees may 
have various roles/positions in a hotel. 

6. Every hotel needs to have a manager. The customers can search for and book rooms through the online 
application for specific dates. 

7. When they check-in the hotel, their room booking is transformed to renting and they can also pay for 
this renting. The employee that does the check-in for a customer is responsible for transforming the room 
booking to renting. 

8. A customer may present physically at a hotel without a booking and directly ask for a room. 
In this case the employee at the hotel can do the renting of the room right away without prior booking. 

------------------------DATABASE ----------------------

9. We need to store in the database the history of both bookings and rentings (archives), but we do not 
need to store the history of payments. 

10. Information about an old (archived) room booking/renting must exist in the database, even if information 
about the room itself or the customer does not exist in the database anymore. 

11. We should be able to delete from our database hotel chains, hotels and rooms. 

12. We cannot have in the database information about a room without having in the database the information 
about the corresponding hotel (i.e. the hotel in which the room belongs too). In the same way, we cannot 
have in the database information about a hotel without having in the database the information about the
corresponding hotel chain (i.e. the hotel chain in which the hotel belongs too).